Add note regarding how to solve elasticsearch initialization issues (#345)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/server/developer-setup/osx.md

    git clone https://github.com/$GITHUB_USERNAME/mattermost-server.git $(go env GOPATH)/src/github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server
    ```

8. Start the server:

    ```sh
    cd $(go env GOPATH)/src/github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server
    make run-server
    ```

>     **Note:** If you see a bunch of `nc: bad address 'elasticsearch'` messages, eventually exiting with the message `Service elasticsearch:9200 did not start within 300 seconds. Aborting...` try increasing the memory available for the Docker Engine by going to [Docker's preferences -> Advanced](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/#advanced).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note:** If you see lot of `nc: bad address 'elasticsearch'` messages, eventually exiting with the message `Service elasticsearch:9200 did not start within 300 seconds. Aborting...`,  increase the memory available for the Docker Engine by going to [Docker's preferences -> Advanced](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/#advanced).
```
